docs(vs-code):update wizard docs (#2198)
telerik/blazor-docs: getting-started/vs-code-integration/new-project-wizard.md

1. Type/Select `Telerik UI for Blazor Template Wizard: Launch` and press `Enter` to launch the extension.

## Using the Wizard

> ### Section 1: Choose how to start the project

Reviewer: The letter casing is inconsistent between the steps. Some use sentence case and some use first capital letter for each word.

> ### Section 1: Choose how to start the project

Reviewer 2: Looking at the entire thing, it seems to me we might be better off using Steps instead. Sections made sense when there was the possibility to combine multiple steps into one (which is no longer the case because of the way the wizard is structured now).

```suggestion
### Step 1: Choose How to Start
```

The **Telerik UI for Blazor Template Wizard** provides two options to start you project:

> * **Start from Blank App** - allows you to create a blank project that is pre-configured for the Progress® Telerik® UI for Blazor components. You can select and add sample pages to get started (a Grid with CRUD operations form a service, a Form, Charts).

Reviewer 2: Switch to `&mdash;` as needed throughout this section.

```suggestion
* **Start from Blank App**&mdash;allows you to create a blank project that is pre-configured for the Progress® Telerik® UI for Blazor components. You can select and add sample pages to get started (a Grid with CRUD operations form a service, a Form, Charts).
```

    * **Dashboard**&mdash;A basic dashboard that showcases the Telerik UI TileLayout component and how individual blocks (tiles) can fetch data.
    * **Admin**&mdash;A small app that showcases a dashboard for administrators. The app uses some of the main Telerik UI components like the [Data Grid]({%slug grid-overview%}), [Chart]({%slug components/chart/overview%}), [TileLayout]({%slug tilelayout-overview%}), [Form]({%slug form-overview%}), and more.

The available templates vary depending on the target framework and hosting model. All of the above templates are available for the Client and Server projects for .NET 6 and .NET 7. The Hybrid projects and the .NET 8 WebApp support only the **Start from Blank App** option.

### Section 2: Select Project Name and Path

> This section allows you to type your project name and select the output folder for it.

Reviewer 2: Choose action-oriented phrasing over UI description.

```suggestion
Type your project name and select the output folder for it.
```

### Section 3: Select UI for Blazor Version

> This section allows you to select the preferred UI for Blazor version. The current latest version is pre-selected by default. Therefore, you must ensure that your system has access to the same version of the UI components - you can achieve this with the [Telerik NuGet feed](../../installation/nuget).

Reviewer 2: Why is this using a relative link instead of a slug one? Let me know if I've missed some change to our linking strategy and need to know about it.

Also, did they make this a drop-down list/radio button list? Or do people still need to type a different version?

```suggestion
Select the preferred UI for Blazor version. Make sure that your system has access to the specified version of the UI components. You can achieve this with the [Telerik NuGet feed](../../installation/nuget).

The latest released version is pre-selected by default. 
```

### Section 4: Select Hosting Model

Here you can select the desired hosting model&mdash;[**WebApp**]({%slug getting-started/web-app%}), [**Client** (also: WebAssembly)]({%slug getting-started/client-side%}), [**Server**]({%slug getting-started/server-side%}), or [**Hybrid** (a hybrid Blazor MAUI)]({%slug getting-started/hybrid-blazor%}).

The available target framework options are updated upon selecting the hosting model.

### Section 5: Select Your License Type

> By default, the "Paid" option is selected corresponding to the commercial license type.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add another note about the NuGet packages needing to match the license type. Or that trial components show a watermark. Btw, what's the significance of choosing the license type here (we're not having anything like it in Visual Studio)? Does it do anything for people's projects?

```suggestion
By default, **Paid** is selected.
```

Author: Both packages deliver the same functionality. I believe this i needed so the correct package reference can be included but this depends on the VSX team.

### Section 6: Choose How to Distribute the Client Assets

> This section allows you to choose whether to import the required Telerik UI stylesheet and JS Interop file by using the [static assets]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#css-theme-and-javascript-files) or the [CDN method]({%slug common-features-cdn%}).

Reviewer 2: Add a note about the default selection.

```suggestion
Choose whether to import the required Telerik UI stylesheet and JS Interop file by using the [static assets]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#css-theme-and-javascript-files) or the [CDN method]({%slug common-features-cdn%}).
```

### Section 7: Enable or Disable Localization

> This section lets you specify whether to use [localization]({%slug globalization-localization%}) in the project or not.

Reviewer 2: Add a note about the default selection and how enabling/disabling it impacts the projects (e.g., adds packages, increases size, and so on.)

```suggestion
Choose whether to use [localization]({%slug globalization-localization%}) in the project or not.
```

### Section 8: Select the Preferred Icon Type

> Here you can decide whether to use [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%}) in the project or the default SVG icons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Decide if you want to switch to using [Font Icons]({%slug common-features-icons%}) instead of the default SVG icons.
```

### Section 9: Select Target Framework

The available .NET framework versions vary depending on the selected hosting model.

### Section 10: Select Theme

> Here you can select the desired [theme]({%slug general-information/themes%}) for your project. Click the **See All Swatches** button to explore the available [theme variations]({%slug themes-swatches%}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select your desired [theme]({%slug general-information/themes%}) for your project. Click **See All Swatches** to explore the available [theme variations]({%slug themes-swatches%}).
```

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/general-info.md#vs-code-nuget-note)

### Confirm Project Creation

> After configuring the preferred settings, click the **Create Project** button. The **Telerik UI for Blazor Template Wizard** close and the project creation will start. Once this is completed you will get a confirmation message in the terminal. You can then navigate to the selected output folder to open your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring the preferred settings, click the **Create Project** button. The **Telerik UI for Blazor Template Wizard** closes and the project creation begins. When completed, the terminal shows a confirmation message. You can then navigate to the previously specified output folder to open your project.
```
